


http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/My%20Learning%20in%20first%203%20months%20-%20Pranav%20KS%20-%20TestInsane.png
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/TestInsane%20-%20Mobile%20Application%20Usability%20Testing.png

http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/37%20Source%20for%20Test%20Ideas.png
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Heuristic%20Test%20Strategy%20Model%20-%20Software%20Testing%20MindMap%20v5dot2dot2.png

# Test Reporting
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Test%20Reporting.png

Testing on Beta Versions
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Testing%20on%20Beta%20Versions.png


Guidelines for app store submission-iOS
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Guidelines%20for%20app%20store%20submission-iOS.png

How am I Practicing to Test better?
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Software%20Testing%20-%20How%20am%20I%20Practicing%20to%20Test%20better.png


Test Techniques - Software Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Test%20Techniques%20-%20Software%20Testing.png

How do I keep up with Testing?
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/How%20can%20I%20keep%20up%20with%20Testing.png

Website Testing Basics - Part 1
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Website%20Testing%20Part%201.png

What is SFDiPOT? Heuristic Test Strategy Model
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/SFDiPOT-Heuristics-Software-Testing.png


Heuristic Test Strategy Model - Functional Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/FUNCTIONALITY-Heuristic-Test-Strategy-Model.png

Heuristic Test Strategy Model - Functional Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/FUNCTIONALITY-Heuristic-Test-Strategy-Model.png


Challenges with Mobile Application Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Challenges%20with%20Mobile%20Application.png


HomeAbout TestInsaneBlogHCERTEContact
HTTP Status Codes
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/HTTP-Status-Codes.png


Claims Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Claims%20Testing.png

How to create a mind-map?
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/How%20to%20create%20%20a%20mind%20map.png

Mobile Game Testing - Version 0
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Mobile%20Game%20Testing.png

Test Planning Model
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/TestPlanningModel.png

Mobile Apps Testing - I SLICED UP FUN - By Jonathan Kohl
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Mobile%20Apps%20Testing%20-%20I%20SLICED%20UP%20FUN.png

A Tester's Resolutions
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/A%20Testers%20Resolutions.png

Forgot Password Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Forgot%20Password%20Testing.png

Boundary Value Analysis Testing MindMap
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Boundary%20Value%20Analysis%20Testing.png

Testing Deactivate Account Feature
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Deactivate%20Account%20Testing.png

Security Question and Security Answer Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Security%20Question%20And%20Security%20Answer%20Testing.png

File Upload Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/File%20Upload%20Testing.png

Design gone wrong?

http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Design%20gone%20wrong.png


Mobile Testing Ready Reckoner
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Mobile%20Testing%20Ready%20Reckoner.png

Persona (User eXperience) Based Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/persona-user-experience-based-testing


Testing OTP (One-Time Password)
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Testing%20OTP%20(One%20Time%20Password).png

Santhosh Tuppad's Web App Testing Tool-kit
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Santhosh%20Tuppads%20%20Web%20App%20Testing%20Tool-kit.png

Heuristics of Passionate Tester
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Heuristics%20of%20Passionate%20Tester.png

Bug Reporting Etiquette
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Bug%20Reporting%20Etiquette%20.png

Heuristics of learning a product
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/heuristics-of-learning-a-product

UI & UX Testing Ready Reckoner
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/UI-UX-Testing-Ready-Reckoner.png

Good Tester?
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Good%20Tester.png

Found a bug - Common mistakes to avoid
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Found%20a%20bug%20-%20Common%20mistakes%20to%20avoid.png

Never tested but want to be a tester (Starting Points)
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Never%20tested%20but%20want%20to%20be%20a%20tester.png

First day in a new testing project
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/First%20day%20in%20a%20%20new%20project.png

Login Testing Ideas
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/Login%20Testing%20Ideas%20by%20Darren%20McMillan.png



## Mobile Testing
http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/html/Mobile%20Testing_files/images/Mobile%20Testing.jpg

## Defect Life Cycle
![](https://www.guru99.com/images/1-2015/012715_0802_BugLifeCycl1.png)

## Bug
![](http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/50%20Bugs%20-%20Test%20Ideas%20-%20Software%20Testing%20-%20Test%20Insane.png)

## File Upload Test Cases
![](http://apps.testinsane.com/mindmaps/uploads/File%20Upload%20Testing.png)

## Testing techniques
![](https://mobilewireless.files.wordpress.com/2008/11/testingtechniques.jpg)
